Let's do the steps for obstacle detection now.
So we did filtering.
Now, you can actually use all the functions that you were creating in previous lessons.
So the next step is to segment the data and then here,
that shows the results when you do the segmentation.
So it's going to segment it and then all these green points
are the drivable area, the flat space,
the road and then all of these red points or other points that are not
belonging to that flat area and that's going to be obstacles that we're interested in.
So that's picking out our truck and our parked cars and our pole.
Also showing this purple box region.
So that's actually, what I did is I figured out what kind of size box,
the minimum size box.
I needed to figure out points that
contain all the points from the roof of the car that I wanted to filter out.
Then once I got that box size,
I'm just rendering it here in purple.
I was passing into that filter Cloud function and using
that combination of the crop box and they extract object to remove those points.
So that's showing how you could visually do that.
Visually use the render box function to help you
remove points such as points from hitting the roof of your ego car.